application controlled acknowledgements to match Java behaviour (#753)
eclipse/paho.mqtt.python: README.rst

    set to "websockets" to send MQTT over WebSockets. Leave at the default of
    "tcp" to use raw TCP.

manual_ack

>     defaults to False, allowing the library to acknowledge messages before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    defaults to False, allowing the library to acknowledge messages automatically after on_message callback return
```

This behavior changed in release 1.6.0 (https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.python/commit/9a4941efd758ca4231d4f16a8d3951686e24cb92)
